log: clarify empty Logger name handling (#8587)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: log/DESIGN.md

- The [specification requires](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/api/#concurrency-requirements)
  the method to be safe to be called concurrently.

- If the passed name is empty, the method should retain it as the
  instrumentation scope name, return a working logger, and report the invalid

>   value, as specified by the [Logs SDK specification](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/sdk/#logger-creation).

Reviewer: The word "retain" threw me here; maybe I've done too much iOS coding.
How about:

```suggestion
- If the passed name is empty, this should be reported as invalid as specified by the [Logs SDK specification](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/logs/sdk/#logger-creation).
- The method should still use it as the instrumentation scope name and return a working logger.
```

Author: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/pull/8587/commits/1dcce4f42f9a5ad290795e7adc1f0c4634b40ee1
